documentation updates (#951)
elastic/apm-agent-go: docs/configuration.asciidoc

| `ELASTIC_APM_SERVER_TIMEOUT` | `30s`   | `30s`
|============

> The timeout for requests made to your Elastic APM Server. Timeouts will be disabled when set to zero or a negative value.

Author: ```suggestion
The timeout for requests made to your Elastic APM server. When set to zero
or a negative value, timeouts will be disabled.
```

> The timeout for requests made to your Elastic APM Server. Timeouts will be disabled when set to zero or a negative value.

Author: Reverted.

| `ELASTIC_APM_GLOBAL_LABELS` |         | `dept=engineering,rack=number8`
|============

> Labels added to all events with the format key=value[,key=value[,...]].

Reviewer: This sentence is grammatically ambiguous. Does the format that you show relate to the events or the labels?

Author: ```suggestion
Labels are added to all events. The format for labels is: `key=value[,key=value[,...]]`.
```

Possible values: `errors`, `transactions`, `all`, `off`.

> WARNING: Request bodies often contain sensitive values like passwords, credit card numbers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Request bodies often contain sensitive values like passwords, credit card numbers, and so on.
```

|============

`ELASTIC_APM_LOG_FILE` specifies the output file for the agent's default, internal

> logger. The file will be created, or truncated if it exists when the process starts.

Reviewer: This edit changes the meaning. With this change, the modifier "when the process starts" no longer relates grammatically to  "the file will be created." Was that intentional? This might be a good time to use dashes: The file will be created--or truncated, if it exists--when the process starts

Author: ```suggestion
logger. The file will be created, or truncated if it exists, when the process starts.
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_LOG_LEVEL` | `"error"`
|============

> `ELASTIC_APM_LOG_LEVEL` specifies the log-level for the agent's default, internal

Reviewer: this is not typically hyphenated. It might be more kosher grammatically to say logging level, but log level is fairly standard, so I would leave it as-is.

Author: Reverted.

> `ELASTIC_APM_LOG_LEVEL` specifies the log-level for the agent's default, internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ELASTIC_APM_LOG_LEVEL` specifies the log level for the agent's default, internal
```
